README.md, before:

Data analysis of the COVID-19 outbreak
Data origin: https://data.humdata.org/dataset/novel-coronavirus-2019-ncov-cases

### Install cartopy
Following the following instruction https://scitools.org.uk/cartopy/docs/latest/installing.html#installing: 

- ``` conda install -c conda-forge cartopy ```

- Or from https://github.com/SciTools/Cartopy (once you have satisfied the requirement written below) -->  ``` python setup.py install ```



#### requirement for cartopy:

- Python 2.7 or later (https://www.python.org/)
    Cartopy requires Python 2.7 or later.

- Cython 0.15.1 or later (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/Cython/)

- NumPy 1.10 or later (http://www.numpy.org/)
    Python package for scientific computing including a powerful N-dimensional array object.
- GEOS 3.3.3 or later (https://trac.osgeo.org/geos/)
    GEOS is an API of spatial predicates and functions for processing geometry written in C++.
- Shapely 1.5.6 or later (https://github.com/Toblerity/Shapely)
    Python package for the manipulation and analysis of planar geometric objects.
- pyshp 1.1.4 or later (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pyshp)
    Pure Python read/write support for ESRI Shapefile format.
- PROJ 4.9.0 or later (https://proj4.org/)
    Cartographic Projections library.
- six 1.3.0 or later (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/six)
    Python 2 and 3 compatibility.

Commit message:

moved common functions and common urls into utility script

README.md, after:

Data analysis of the COVID-19 outbreak
Data origin: https://data.humdata.org/dataset/novel-coronavirus-2019-ncov-cases

``` utility.py ``` : contains usefull functions and common input files

### Install cartopy
Following the following instruction https://scitools.org.uk/cartopy/docs/latest/installing.html#installing: 

- ``` conda install -c conda-forge cartopy ```

- Or from https://github.com/SciTools/Cartopy (once you have satisfied the requirement written below) -->  ``` python setup.py install ```



#### requirement for cartopy:

- Python 2.7 or later (https://www.python.org/)
    Cartopy requires Python 2.7 or later.

- Cython 0.15.1 or later (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/Cython/)

- NumPy 1.10 or later (http://www.numpy.org/)
    Python package for scientific computing including a powerful N-dimensional array object.
- GEOS 3.3.3 or later (https://trac.osgeo.org/geos/)
    GEOS is an API of spatial predicates and functions for processing geometry written in C++.
- Shapely 1.5.6 or later (https://github.com/Toblerity/Shapely)
    Python package for the manipulation and analysis of planar geometric objects.
- pyshp 1.1.4 or later (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pyshp)
    Pure Python read/write support for ESRI Shapefile format.
- PROJ 4.9.0 or later (https://proj4.org/)
    Cartographic Projections library.
- six 1.3.0 or later (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/six)
    Python 2 and 3 compatibility.
